Management Objectives and Priorities

Content:

This section will cover what the project group's goals are and how it will reach them.

A. Purpose

This project group was created in order to create a product for the client. Said project, PlasmaGraph, will be able to take, as input, a set of CSV-formatted data and the particulars of the graph (settings) the user wants created, and will provide, as output, the data provided as input in the form of the graph specified. It (the product) will also allow for said graph settings to be saved and used as desired.

B. Priority

The project is divided into two general sections due to the kind of work requested: the Program (The working product, including its JavaDoc files.) and its Documentation (This includes its specifications and the user manual that will be provided alongside the product.). We will allocate priority to the sections as follows.

	1. Product Priority: The product will await development until both the requirements and design of the product have been confirmed and frozen. This means that the development of the product itself will be of a lower priority than the three primary specification documents (The SRS, SPMP, and SDD.), but it will be of equal priority to the STD and User Manual. (See B.2., Documentation Priority for more details regarding the delayed priority for the STD and User Manual.)

	2. Documentation Priority: Due to the necessity of establishing the project's requirements, design, and implementation before actually beginning the actual work on the product, the documentation will take priority over the product. The only exceptions to this rule are the STD and the User Manual. The former will be developed after the SDD, meaning that it will overlap with product development. The latter will be developed at the end of the product development process, once the product is mostly finished, and will overlap both the end of the product development and the testing. (See Schedule for more details on how the various components will overlap.)

C. Communication and Meetings

Group members may communicate with each other via e-mail, telephone conversations, text messages, instant messenging, and physical meetings, both official and unofficial. Group members will exchange telephone contact information during the first official meeting of the project group, and may provide additional contact vectors as needed.

Official meetings will be decided upon at least one day in advance, and must last for at least one hour. The ideal period of time for meetings will be on Tuesdays or Wednesdays from 4:00 PM to 6:30 PM, but meetings may be scheduled for any point in time that does not conflict with University classes or other jobs' work schedules. Unofficial meetings follow the same pattern, but need not be constrained to the minimum time requirement that official meetings are.

Meetings with the Senior Project Professor and the Client will all be official. Meetings with the former will be held weekly in Room 2 of the EPL, Room L-309, or Room L-310 (Save during the weeks between terms or during university vacation time.) and will be logged via Meeting Notes (specs/Notas de Reuniones/Reuniones con Prof. Ortiz/) that will be signed by the Senior Project Professor, describing what has been done during the week and what should be done for the following week. Meetings with the latter will not be recorded in the same way; instead, the project group will meet with him with a number of questions and will end the meeting when said questions are answered and when all the requests by the client have been answered satisfactorily.

D. Schedule

Refer to Section 5.5 of this document for how the project's schedule will be organized.

E. Budget / Resources

Refer to Sections 5.3 and 5.4 for how the project's budget and resources will be used and allocated.